"Yes! I actually quite appreciate your transparency and up front
no b.s. demeanor. A someone whose been contemplating
leaving in-house small business and venturing into agency
work I found your information very real and very relevant!

Amanda

"Hi Taylor, yesterday was one of the best
presentations Ive heard. You really gave
us so much value and motivation!

Andrea

"Bloody hell that was a great high-energy talk! I loved it! Best one yet and very relevant for where we
are in the start-up process.

Sue"
"Damn good stuff today! I appreciate you
dropping the truth and knowledge for everyone.

Brian
CoFounder - Partake


"Thanks Taylor Ryan you fit more into that 45 mins than almost anyone I
have ever seen - and yet it all makes sense. Thank you for putting your ****
on the line

Michael
Ready to inovate yoursef, your organization and then the world?

"It was great Taylor! Thanks for sharing valuable content

Vinicius
Virtual and Hybrid Event Platform Beyond Zoom | inEvent Chief Revenue..."
"Taylor - good stuff man very helpful for my business. 

Kevin
Financial Planner Fiduciary Fee Only


"Thanks Taylor Ryan! I Ioved your presentation yesterday. You presented
SO MUCH amazing content in a very short amount of time. I have
several new tools to check out, some new ideas for banner design, some
content hooks and a lot of confirmation that what we are doing are the
right things. Thank you!

Krister
Senior Event Director, Fierce Life Sciences at Questex (fka. BxL Events)"
"Taylor should receive a black belt in Growth Hacking! Another great
session with a lot of useful insight about event marketing!
Thanks a lot

Fred-Erik
Marketing | Revolutionising recruitment @videocV | Baltics #1 Video Scre"
"Hey Taylor Ryan, awesome session. There were a lot of takeaways for
me

Shamit
Sales Development at Maropost | SaaS | Mariketing Automation | Email M..."
"Thanks for the great presentation. Incredible content.

Una
Seasoned professional re-imagining engaging experiences that bring com..."
"Time well spent! It was truly an eye-opening presentation after which
we'll definitely take a different approach to hosting events! Looking
forward to more of these useful sessions!

Petra
Content Marketing Executive at Kint Marketing

"I had the opportunity to see Taylor Ryan speak at the InEvent Session
held on 5/27/21. The session was a wealth of in-depth information, the
research he has done is extensive. We all know that many times during
webinars we all do other tasks, his session had my attention the entire
time. I especially enjoyed the comical graphics he put on all of his slides.
He was high energy the entire way through and best of all you took
away great deal of useful information.

Lisa
Trade Show & Events Manager

"Thank you very much for a great presentation today, it was
awesome 

Anna"
"Hey Taylor,
Really insightful presentation.

Billy

"Hi Taylor
I am fascinated with your presentation. Thank you for your
energy. I would be most grateful if you are able to send your
slides. 

Larna

"Hey Taylor,
Thanks for that awesome session on ""Innovate your Marketing
Strategy inEvent. So much more to learn from you.

Shamit"
"Hey Taylor! Thanks for a great webinar!!
it couldn't come at the better time, since we are soon launching

Fred


"Attended your seminar today
It was so amazing. I really liked it

Bhavya"
"Hi Taylor, got access to your course and just started listening.
Seems to be great stuff. Thank you. BR Peter

Peter


"Hey Taylor!
Yes I was watching your talk! Thanks a lot for the valuable
information especially for me as a pre-seed founder!

Max"
"Taylor's presentation rocked! Thanks for joining us Taylor Ryan!

PIRATE Live"
"Hi Taylor, I am glad I had chance to attend your
presentation today. Brilliant content. thanks for sharing. I
will follow you and dig into your linkedin 

Miroslaw

"So many take-aways from this awesome course! Thanks so much!!

Tacey
Associate Professor-Administrative Office Management Technology"
"Loved your unconventional take on the subject matter Taylor Ryan
Keep it up!

Anna
MGT"
"Such a nice opportunity to pick your brain Taylor, thank you for that
Your tools on building a landing page are priceless to us at this early
stage.

Josefine
Head of Reseach and Development hos Hera&Me


"Thanks Taylor! Really enjoyed the energy and presentation

Patrick
Co-founder at academa.de | Building the Leading Learning Platform"
"That was like drinking out of a fire hose...

Morgan"
"Taylor is also showing us that you can get
paid to be yourself!

Jasmine"
"enjoying this material - very truthful and
honest

Jermaine


"lol i love your dynamic language Taylor.

Ana"
"Super interesting and super different Taylor!

Dino"
"Great stuff! Thanks Taylor

McKenna


"lol i love your dynamic language Taylor.

Ana"
"Super interesting and super different Taylor!

Dino

"Great stuff! Thanks Taylor

McKenna

"Great presentation. Congrats!

Billy
Immersive and Al Audio Specialist at Lucha Libre Audio/Riverside Studio"
"Great stuff. Loved the energy!!

Sven
Co-Founder and Creative Director at Tropos AR"
"Taylor Ryan thanks so much for the opportunity. Your insights combined
with the examples and a good process to follow make it very easy to
replicate. Such an outside perspective is very important to get in the
stage we are in

Fietje
Managing Director T2U & Head of Partnerships UG | Esports, Health, Fitness


"This presentation was really impressive, it reminds that I still have a lot
to learn, thank you for that

Arthur
Junior Robotcs Engineer internship chez Klint Marketing"
"Loved your energy! Very engaging talk- I'l have me some of that thanks

Sue
Marketing Director at Virtuality Live"
"Great talk, super good tips and can't agree more with the point that we
shouldn't reinvent the wheel but rather do what works and what has
proven that works!

Ivaelo
CFO &Head of Partnerships at Wave Esports"
"Taylor Ryan Thanks a lot for great insights on pitching. You as an expert
of the field, i really enjoyed your way of transfering lots of unique
information in a concentrated way. Great mindset, great outcome. I am
looking forward to restructure our pitching strategy in the ""Taylor Way""

Nazli
Founder and CEO | Xena Vision & Xtreme Al

"Thanks for a great presentation today! I did Reforge's 10 week
course last year and this was as good, if not even better! Do you
mind sharing the slides? I'm builiding a service that will take
search out of streaming. wouid appreciate your thoughts on my
FOMO strategy at some point!

"Hi Taylor,

I just heard your energetic speech on Startup Rekry Event and I
would like to connect with you - even though you came late, you
manage the best experience! You totaly get the audience

"Thanks for a great session today Tayor!

Founder-in-Residence at Antier

"Having the pleasure of listening to Taylor Ryan speak about Growth
Hacking is a necessity for anyone who is SERIOUS about their business
goals!

Digital Marketing Manager at Brogedon Group"

"Hi Taylor
Just attended your Hacking 'Creating your own path within the
agency business' seminar at CBS. Great stuff! Loved the swearing!
( just cos I swear like a trooper myself)

Janine

"Hey Taylor! I really enjoyed your presentation at CBS yesterday.
Thanks for actually sharing real tips and solutions and not just
fluff. I'd love to receive your slides & stay in touch to hopefully
learn more from you in the future.

Kamila

"Hello Taylor
just wanted to connect and say how much l appreciated your
contribution to my startup's journey.
As an educator, locked out of my role in China during the
pandemic. I have been upskilling and creating a course for
online teaching
Unexpectedly, it looks like l am evolving into an entrepreneur. I
loved the growth hacker idea as I am starting with very little and
flying solo. Maximising results is what i need.
l am finding its very true that when I focus on one key thing at
a time, l experience the most success and satisfaction
Thanks for your time and contribution.
Best wishes

Lisa

"Halfway through the growth secrets masterclass, it's like
drinking from a fire hose! appreciate the knowledge share

"Inspirational, interesting and truly a breath of fresh air! Thanks for such a
valuable presentation. Ill let you know which techniques work for me!

Johan
Digital Marketing Consultant at Ergo Optikk & Student

"
"Taylor, you are a character. Thanks again for your valuable words. 
Your speech was really inspiring and motivating. I didn't expect that. 

You managed to make people step out of their comfort zone. And that is important. So many thanks

Joanna
Barkeeper at REKOM Group A/S

"Hello Taylor! Thank you for today, it was really inspiring! I'm happy
that I had the chance to hear your presentation

Maria"
"Loving your talk right now. In the middle of it and i'm still here,
very interesting!

Daniela


"Fresh breeze in a world dominated by one search engine and one social
media platform!

Jonatan J
Digital Analyst"
"Beg you to buy from me until you do or force me to stop is so accurate
for all these funnel hackers out there.

Ben
Currency Trader"
"It was a very useful topic to attend, no wonder attendance was
booming. Great performance! Would love the full video! My colleagues
would appreciate it a lot.

leva
User Experience Designer"
"Great content and plenty of inspiration. Looking forward to the next
session!

Slawomir
Sales and Marketing Manager

"Thanks for an inspiring talk today! I found it refreshing; a bit out of the
traditional comfort/convention zone. A good addition to the other great
talks during the day.

Lotta
Project Manager, Marketing Consuitant, Marketing PT"
"Inspiring and entertaining presentation! Great hacks :)!

Magnus
Digital Marketing

"Such a nice presentation with so many tips and hacks for gaining
growth on social media as well as the organic reach. One really felt the
passion you have for this!

Tobias
Studerar E-commerce Manager "
"A really nice presentation with a lot of inspiring thoughts, many tips and
hacks for gaining growth on social media. Great engagement, it shows
that you love what you do! Thanks!

Josefin
Marketing Coordinator"
"Great presentation, Taylor. Your appreciation and use of automation
flows and tools was impressive. A true growth hacker and marketer
anno 2021.

Andreas
CEO & Co-founder"
"Inspiring presentation, Taylor! Really good overview of what works and
what does not work on Linkedin anymore. Things change fast and one
needs to catch up fast!

Justas
Head Cashier"
"Thanks a lot for a great presentation! Valuable insights as always!

Brian
Digital transformation and change manager"
"There is no such thing as digital strategy. There is only strategy.
So true Taylor thanks for the tree points. Makes me Think and adjust. Perfect!

Kasper"
"Definitely a lot of info and insights to digest, thx. I really appreciated
how practical your advice and tricks are! Very valuable to get real-life
tips from the LI-trenches :)

Karsten
Founder & CEO

"What I love about all of your videos is that you are up there being
yourself. Too many people hold back on cursing because it's frowned
upon in a workplace setting. Love what you're doing and how you're
doing it!

Patrick
Salesforce Consultant"
"Thanks for bombarding us with knowledge! See you when you're back
We have lots of work to do!

Rasmus
CMO 

"An eye-opening presentation of whats hitting us and how digital
marketing tools can grow your business. Thanks for sharing your
knowledge Taylor Ryan.

Nicolai
Founder"
"Super Inspirational and eye-opening talk today! ! 'm not in Marketing,
but I am curious about how the Marketing scene is transforming.
This is something I would love to pass on to my colleagues, who work
with content creation for our brand!
Keep it up!!

leva
User Experience Designer"
"Brilliant speak Taylor Ryan. I was honestly expecting a classic keynote
full of buzzwords and intangible takeaways, but you gave us all some
very specific tools and actionable ways to get some results. I really
appreciate that. It's all about doing the work

Jesper
Product Director"
"Wow, Taylor! I really realy loved it! The energy, the content, the tips! It
was nice to hear about some of the strategies that we already use (kind
of reassuring that we are on the right path), but also to hear other
specific tricks on how to rank better in SERP, like using the ""Resources
section on a website, adding ToC, etc.

Aukse
Head Of Marketing

"Hey Taylor, thanks for a great presentation today at ITU! Cheers

Alekxander"
"Taylor really cut through the clutter and provided us with lots of tricks
and ideas that you can't get from academia but only through doing it
yourself.

Thomas
Digital Marketing"
"Thanks for the great presentation Taylor Ryan. I appreciated the good
insights you provided us. However, more than that, thanks for
inspiration. That's priceless!

Ana
Student at Copenhagen Business School"
"Finally someone who puts the theory into practice! Thank you very much
for the great insights!

Kilian
Digital Marketing Expert

"Thanks for sharing your knowledge and your great humour with us.

Alvaro
Pharmacist "
"Thanks for sharing your insights, Taylor. Great presentation! Your energy
and dedication is contagious.

Linda
Search Engine Optimization Manager at Simple Feast"

"Thanks again for this presentation full of positive energy! l'm gladI
could attend and get lots of great insights on growth hacking! 

Emile
Web Designer & Developer, Venture Cup"
"Thank you Taylor for an insightful and thorough lecture on Growth
Hacking! I have gotten so many ideas for my own professional
development.

Jurate
Graphic Designer, Business Developer & Entrepreneur

"Thank you for making us inspired nad mobilised. Great presentation,
even greater personality and lots of fun. Thank you.

Paulina"
"Listen to this guy if you want to learn some great life hacks

Amanda
Studentmedarbetare på Sektor"
"Refreshing and different angle on how to get a job. Well done

Jens
Data Scientist

"Great stuff - actually a Tsunami of good advice/ tools. If you have the
opportunity to engage with Taylor do it - no matter how savwy you think
you are- he will provide you with valuable insights.

Jeppe
Director Markceting Automation"
"Thank you for the session today, Taylor. The Al part stood out for me
too, really interesting.

luliana
Experienced Marketer 

"Thanks a bunch! Learned a thing or three

Jeppe Bech
Founder and CTO"
"You did nail it! Thank you Taylor. A pleasure as always

Talent Garden"
"Hey Taylor..it was truly enlightening and NOT boring Thanks man for
giving me some new tools!

Jennifer
Digital Marketing"
"Super inspirational and eye opening presentation on growth hacks.
Thanks Taylor Ryan!

Tim
Independent Business Consultant"
"Great presentation! Now Im overwhelmed but the amount of tools
need to try! Tks for sharing


Daniel
Creative Designer"
"Thanks, Taylor, for sharing important insights and valuable tips on how
to stay ahead of the competition in an ever-changing world of
algorithms. Most important take-away: don't forget to delight your
users, #Danish Delights #GrowthHacking #Impactlnvesting.

Courtney
Principal at BC Global Partners"
"Great session Taylor! Plenty of tools and hacks! Looking forward to try it
out!

Alicja
Transformation Consultant 

"Totally nailed it. Really curious to hear your thoughts on how it all will
impact the future role of the CMO.

Sebastian
Chief Creative Director"
"Thank you for a great talk Taylor. A lot of great insights and ""hacks""
ready to implement!

Gustav
Head of Performance Mariceting"
"Fantastic session! Thanks for the insights

Mouloud
Digital Communication Specialst"
"Thanks fora verv insiahtful talk. Time well spent.

Shari
Director of Digital Business "
"Thank you for the great presentation!

Mike
Business Development Manager"
"OMG have you guys been present on my client meetings conducted the
last 10 years?
Sounds like THE wake up call in ""19

Mikala
Strategic Marketing && Client Director

"My main takeaway: Growth Hacker Marketing is not about that one
ingenious little hack, but about smart systems driven by data. Thanks for
sharing your systems Taylor. And doing so in a way without buzz or
bullshit, just tons of useful tools, tips and examples delivered in a highly
entertaining manner from someone who has walked the talk. I especially loved the part about customer retention and how every
touch point is an opportunity. Even inactive subscribers (that you can
unsubscribe) or design you way out of people leaving your service with
a bit of humour and emotion.

Søren
Innovation Lead & Partner"
"Loved the energy you brought to the stage and the topic. My main take
away was how Everton in an organisation can benefit from knowing a
little about other fields, as it adds value to the overall experience of the
company. Different people might see different potentiels, but if they are
dependent on others to execute, everyone needs to be willing to see the
potential value. Thank you so much for this talk, and thank you CPHUx
for making these things happen.

Sofiel
UX designer

"It really were a great enthusiastic presentation! With an overload of
really interesting tools and new ways of working. I really loved your way
of just saying stuff as bluntly as one could ever have said it.

Niklas
Junior konsulent"
"It really were a great enthusiastic presentation! With an overload of
really interesting tools and new ways of working. I really loved your way
of just saying stuff as bluntly as one could ever have said it.

Niklas
Junior konsulent 

"Thank you Taylor Ryan for a great presentation and introduction to a
wide range of valuable tools and growth hacking combined with UX
methodologies!

As a UX professional I consider as well that in product
development/design is important to be aware of how to maximize the
value and the output of a product!

Anda
UXUI - Agile project management | Product Development - Innovation UX"
"Thanks for a great presentation! Really enjoyed your honestly blunt
personality and awesome attitude. Very inspiring and iots of great
energy in your sharing is caring.

Christine
Sales & Marketing Manager "
"Loved how the quantity correlated with the quality! Great presentation

Maria
Digital Marketing Specialist"
"I learned a lot, definitely a well-prepared speaker!!! :)

Filip
Marketing Specialist"
"Blasted away with all the tools! something to take home and think
about! :)

Gints
Growth Hacker | Content creator | Digital marketer"
"Loved your energy and perspectives!! Definitely walked away with useful
insights.

Marie
Jounalist"
"Thumbs up to this totally-American speaker giving an awesome
presentation on hacking growth. Wasn't chit-chat at al! Plenty of useful
tools with REAL value.
Thanks for sharing :)

Maria
Graphic Web Designer | Digital Mariketer"
"Sharing knowledge is so valuable, and I believe you truly created value
for those present! Thanks again for an engaging, educating and
entertaining talk on a topic which is so relevant for today's fast-paced
standard in company growth.

Greta
Graphic Designer/Content Producer/ MSc Organisational Innovation"
"Don't remember the last time I got so many useful and ready-to-apply
advises on a single lecture. Way to go, hope to be able to participate in
some other note given by you!

Gabija
Brand Management Specialist"
"Loved your energy and the way you made things seem so obvious and
simple. The slides were amazing and it was a very nice and fresh
perspective how to approach marketing. Largely applicable to many
different companies :)

Maylis
MSc in Social Science - Strategic Design and Entrepeneurship "
"Full-stack web developer with background in corporate and quantitative f
Thank you, Taylor, for this energetic and highly engaging talk! I
especially liked your section on A/B-testing with real examples of how
slight changes can lead to much higher conversion rates. Keep up the
good work!

Dominik"
"Hello,
Attended your presentation on Growth hacking
(Datto) yesterday in Stockholm.
Many good insights and many good tools, is there
anything you can share (presentation / links)?

Fredrik Nyberg (He/Him) "
"Your GH Conf presentation made my head hurt in a
good way! Im not a direct competitor by the way so
please hook me up with your gold mine of a
presentation

Romaine Piper "
"We (3 guys from Gridheart) loved it. We are a small
team and are really interested in the things you talked
about and are doing some of it. Great energy in your
presentation . The average swede it not high
energy on stage like you but that doesn't mean we
don't like it.

Stefan Jacobson"
"Watched this presentation on the Webinar from eMarketer: Reveal,
Analyze & Dominate: A Masterclass on Competitive Analysis and
screenshot a few slides as you raced through. You gave SO much info
in such a short amount of time! What I found particularly helpful were
the places to both search competitor info and list your own products
and also the ways to see what your competitors have going on ""under
the hood"" of their websites. Great info, and a lot of stuff l'd never
thought to do or heard of!!

RJ Haye (She/Her) 
Brand Development+ Marketing Creative Management
2h-"
"Dear Taylor,
I didn't realy know that much about SEO and marketing before your course, but since I finished it last week I managed to snag myself a brand new job as a marketing assistant at a big
company.
And that's mostly thanks to you, so you have my eternal grathtudel
yours sincerely,
Sarah Palmer"
"Lots of quick tips you don't get in other courses


Bas Dumoulin
"
"I took in the relevant points throughout the course. A great experience.

Niki Tjege"
"The amount of actionable content in here is amazing Taylor runs through his entire playbook in
course

Mitch Halquist
"
"Awesome course! Highly recommend. Actionable. tactical, and thorough. Well done

Hilmon Sorey"
"Hi Taylor,
Growth sectets...was briliant!! absoutely loved it! Your course helped me get promoted at work (and get a big raise!""). so just had to pass on my thanks!!
I'll be following your newsletter with interest!
Thanks again Taylor,
Raj Ahmed"
"Hey man,
I know you didn't ask for it, but I thought l'd give you some feedback for your masterclass.
Im so glad I decided to sign up to it! With the discount it kinda felt like a no-brainer
I must admit I was a bit sceptical at first, but it turned out that I had some big gaps in my knowledge that you helped me to pad out.
Kudos dudel
Alex"

"Hi Taylor,
Thank you for your inspiring presentation at CSE
yesterday.
Meeting that kind of energy is always a motivational
booster!
I noticed all your recommendations in your slides for
different tools. I would be super interested in seeing
slides again to check it out if you'll let me! 

Sarah Diemar "
"Thanks for the session, Taylor!
Really keen to try out some of your suggestions for building our
marketing funnel!

Peter Linné 
BDR Teamleader hos Clerk.io & MSc in Organisational Innovation and E..

"Thank you. Really enjoyed your talk today on the
eMarketer/Similarweb webinar. Would you be willing to
share your deck? r'd love to begin using some of the
tools you highlighted! Also, I need to talk to my Father-
in-Law about that ""Avery Rule,"" he is a huge Rangers fan.

Dave Garsh, MBA"
"Thanks Taylor - was direct, concise and relevant. I know my execution
in this area will benefit from your words and wisdom!

Adam Bell 1st
Creative Software Architect

"Thank you Taylor Ryan for insightful no bull shit tips for maximising
growth in the early stage!

Alexander Björklund
Leading the business to success, with curiosity, trust and individualizati."
"Thanks for a great session Taylor! Definitely implementing some of
your ideas *

Filippa Hallersbo 
Startup @CoachForte | Ex-Google | Antler"
"This session was packed with no bullshit tips on how to drive growth
and conversion. And Taylor's energy is... well, you have to attend
one of his workshops to understand.
A warning A this is not for the typical swede, a lot of the tips will feel
uncomfortable. But the metrics and numbers speek for them selfs.
Step out of the comfort zone or loose the game.

Daniel Dahlstrom
Entrepreneur with a focus on tech, business development, digitalization..."
"Thanks Taylor Ryan for a really good session today. I especially
appreciated your perspective on strategies in driving growth and
getting customers through the door. Amazing takeaways for both b2b
and b2c, clearly based on years and years of experience and insights!

Thomas Barfred
Founder Antler"
"Thanks Tayor for your inspiring presentation and
generosity to share your secret sauce with us, yes,I
did participate in the morning session gust video was
off). Absolutely, I think your presentationis
everybody's cup of tea if one wants to do stuff in the
best way. So thank you once again. I am not
necessarily looking for the slides or landing page
template, but of course it would be great if you want
to share. And no prob to comment on your great
presentation. I will certainly do that with pleasure.

Kindly, 

Min-Jung Jonsson

"Thanks Taylor for your super efficient and inspiring presentation with
so many concrete tools and ideas. Really helpful

Min-Jung Jonsson 
Creative partner & Curator|Founder at Antler"
"Fantastic presentation, Ryan! It nudged us to spend yesterday on
improving our landing page! Very valuable insights

Yuriy Kurylenko 
Software Engineering+ Product, Technical & People leadership"
"Thanks for the session Taylor! Was very helpful and packed with great
content! Will definitely take learnings from this session with me to my
next adventure

Anna Kuragina 
Founder @Antier | Ex-Mckinsey | INSEAD MBA"
"Thank you Taylor Ryan the workshop full of practical solutions, your
energy is contagious!

Lana Filonava 
Tech entrepreneur | FMCG | Commercial Excellence | Global | Antler Nor.."

"Thank you for asking for feedback, Taylor! For me, it
was a complete class; I got to understand it easily
because of your way of explaining and presenting it.
Although we usually have to read the course materials
before the class starts to get a glimpse of It and
overview, I didn't, and that wasn't an impediment
cause after the class, I felt like I took what I needed
from it.

Maria Madalina Banut

"Thank you so much Taylor for
a great session!

Melodi Askelof"
"Great session! Thank you so much for taking the time to share your
insights and experiences super valuable.

Line Ettrich
Founder, CEO at Veriply"
"Hi Taylor,
im am currently following your Masterclass and
wanted to thank you a ton for your insights!
I recently took the position as CFO in a very young
startup called SHQUARED and am now looking into
how we could fund the next growth steps. So it was of
really big value.

L. Raphael Feinaugle"
"I'll just bought your growth hacking course..
That's how much I loved your talk on Saas growth
hacking today.
( think the swearing did the trick)

Frederik Beyer "
"Associate Professor- Administrative Office Management Technology Pr...
So many take-aways from this awesome presentation! Thanks so
much!!

Tacey Keylon"
"Loved your unconventional take on the subject matter Taylor Ryan
Keep it up!

Anna Bekere 
MGT"
"Thanks Taylor! Really enjoyed the energy and presentation

Patrick Neubert 
Co-Founder at academa.de | Building the Leading Learning Platform for..
